----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The files src/Language/Gerty/Syntax/{Literal,Position}.hs,
src/Language/Gerty/Syntax/Lexer.x, src/Language/Gerty/Syntax/Parser.y,
src/Language/Gerty/Util/Lens.hs,
src/Language/Gerty/Syntax/Parser/{Alex,Comments,Layout,LexActions,LookAhead,Monad,Tokens}.hs,
src/Language/Gerty/Syntax/Parser/{Layout,LexActions}.hs-boot are
substantial reproductions of files from the Agda project, and as such
use the following license:

Copyright (c) 2005-2020 remains with the authors.
Agda 2 was originally written by Ulf Norell,
partially based on code from Agda 1 by Catarina Coquand and Makoto Takeyama,
and from Agdalight by Ulf Norell and Andreas Abel.

Agda 2 is currently actively developed mainly by Andreas Abel,
Guillaume Allais, Jesper Cockx, Nils Anders Danielsson, Philipp
Hausmann, Fredrik Nordvall Forsberg, Ulf Norell, Víctor López Juan,
Andrés Sicard-Ramírez, and Andrea Vezzosi.

Further, Agda 2 has received contributions by, amongst others, Stevan
Andjelkovic, Marcin Benke, Jean-Philippe Bernardy, Guillaume Brunerie,
James Chapman, Dominique Devriese, Péter Diviánszky, Olle Fredriksson,
Adam Gundry, Daniel Gustafsson, Kuen-Bang Hou (favonia), Patrik
Jansson, Alan Jeffrey, Wolfram Kahl, Wen Kokke, Fredrik Lindblad,
Francesco Mazzoli, Stefan Monnier, Darin Morrison, Guilhem Moulin,
Nicolas Pouillard, Nobuo Yamashita, Christian Sattler, Makoto
Takeyama and Tesla Ice Zhang.  The full list of contributors is
available at https://github.com/agda/agda/graphs/contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.